Jaden:
THIS IS SO UNCHILL!
I SLEEP THROUGH ONE OF
CROWLER'S BORING LECTURES,
AND HE MAKES US LUG 14
REPLACEMENT DUEL DISKS
ACROSS CAMPUS!
WHY'S EVERYONE LOSING
THEIRS, ANYWAY?
WELL...
HUH? YOU KNOW SOMETHING,
DON'T YOU?
UH...
COME ON, SPILL IT!
I DON'T KNOW FOR SURE.
BUT I'VE HEARD THINGS.
YOU KNOW
THE WEST RIVER, RIGHT?
OVER BY THE MAIN BRIDGE?
YEAH, WHAT ABOUT IT?
WELL...
THERE'S THIS BULLY WHO
HANGS OUT OVER THERE--
AH, SO I HEAR--
AND HE FORCES YOU
TO DUEL HIM.
UH, SO I'M TOLD.
YEAH...AND?
AND, IF YOU LOSE...
HIS GANG TAKES
YOUR DUEL DISK AWAY!
WHAT ELSE D'YA KNOW?
COME ON.
I'M JUST TELLIN' YA
WHAT I HEARD!
HE MIGHT NOT EVEN
EXIST.
FOR ALL I KNOW,
THIS GUY IS JUST A MYTH.
THE BIG,
UGLY MUSCLEHEAD.
HEY, WHERE'S
YOUR DUEL DISK?
[GASP]
WELL...
SY! DID YOU DUEL
THIS GUY AND LOSE?
YES! AND HE TOOK
MY LUNCH MONEY, TOO!
IN THAT CASE...
I SAY WE TAKE
THE LONG WAY HOME.
HA HA HA!
WAIT! DO YOU MEAN--
I SURE DO!
LET'S GO!
WE'VE GOT
SOME DUEL DISKS
TO WIN BACK!
OH, BOY.
I WAS AFRAID HE'D DO THIS.
BE CAREFUL!
HE ALSO GIVES WEDGIES!
AH...SO I HEAR!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOT TO
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
Hassleberry:
STOP RIGHT THERE, CIVILIANS!
HUH?
THAT'S HIM, JADEN.
THAT'S THE GUY.
MAYBE WE SHOULD JUST GO.
WHO NEEDS LUNCH MONEY,
ANYWAY?
DRAW YOUR DUEL DISK!
SURE.
HOLD ON.
AREN'T YOU SCARED?
OF A DUEL? NO WAY!
NOW LET'S THROW DOWN!
BUT I HAVEN'T
GIVEN MY SPEECH YET!
WHAT SPEECH?
MY INTRO!
NOW, THEN.
NAME'S HASSLEBERRY!
CODENAME: TYRANNO.
WHATEVER YOU SAY.
HEY! WHAT'S WITH
YOUR GOON SQUAD?
SHOW SOME RESPECT!
THAT'S RIGHT.
YOU TELL 'EM,
SARGE!
STATE YOUR NAME!
WELL, I--
WAS JUST LEAVING!
ROLL CALL, BOYS!
WHO ARE WE?
All: TROOP TYRANNO!
OK. THEY'RE NUTS.
THAT'S WHAT SCARES ME.
SOUND OFF!
READY!?
♪ SARGE TYRANNO
IS THE BEST ♪
♪ HE LIKES TO WEAR
HIS JACKET AS A VEST ♪
SOUND OFF, ONE, TWO!
SOUND OFF, 3, 4!
NOW LET'S GO!
HOLD ON!
YOU LOOK LIKE THE KID
WHOSE UNDIES WE HUNG
ON THE FLAGPOLE YESTERDAY.
YEAH,
WHAT'S YOUR POINT!?
DOES IT REALLY MATTER?
LET'S JUST THROW DOWN.
WELL, FIRST...
LEMME LAY DOWN
THE RULES OF BATTLE.
YA SEE THOSE DUEL DISKS?
YOU LOSE,
THEM THINGS IS MINE.
AND IF I WIN...
YOU GIVE ME...
THE ONES YOU STOLE!
SAY WHAT?!
All: WHO ARE YOU?
JUST ANOTHER WIMP!
HEY!
TAKE THAT BACK!
HEAR ME!?
EASY, SY.
NO ONE INSULTS
MY BEST FRIEND!
[GROWLING]
CONTROL YOUR SUBORDINATE,
WILL YA!?
UH...
All: YEAH!
OR ELSE WE WILL!
FORGET
THAT PIPSQUEAK.
EYES ON THE PRIZE.
[THINKING]
WHEN I'M DONE WITH THIS RUNT,
THEY'LL HAVE TO SCRAPE HIM OFF
THE GROUND WITH A SQUEEGEE.
ALL RIGHT! YOU GOT A DEAL!
AND A DUEL.
HUH?
ARE YOU ALWAYS
THIS DRAMATIC, BRO?
ATTEEEN-TION!
TIME FOR COMBAT,
SARGE!
CLEARLY
YOU'RE NOT THE ONLY ONE.
Hassleberry:
READY FOR BOOT CAMP, SON?
HEY, YOU!
STOP CALLING HIM "SON!"
HE'S IN HIS SECOND YEAR!
THEN HE'S NUMBER TWO!
AND WHO'S ONE!?
All: TROOP TYRANNO!
WILL YOU GIVE IT UP!?
YOU'RE NOT IN THE ARMY!
WHO'S THE BEST?
TROOP TYRANNO!
AND WHO'S GONNA
WIN!?
TROOP JADEN!
AM I THE ONLY ONE HERE
WHO HASN'T GONE INSANE?
RALLY UP!
ALL HANDS ON DECK!
HE JUST ANSWERED
THAT QUESTION
LOUD AND CLEAR.
FINE.
IF YOU CAN'T BEAT 'EM,
YOU GOTTA JOIN 'EM.
GAME ON, GENERAL!
YOU MOCKIN' ME?!
I'M A SERGEANT, JUNIOR!
AND THIS AIN'T NO GAME!
THIS IS COMBAT!
ALL RIGHT, THEN GET
YOUR "COMBAT" ON!
READY, CHIEF!?
I DECLARE WAR!
BY SUMMONING
ELEMENTAL HERO WILDHEART
IN DEFENSE MODE!
NOW I'LL CALL IT A TURN.
WHO'S THE BEST?
TROOP JADEN!
All: HMM?
[CHEERING]
YA CALL THAT A CHEER!?
WELL, STEP TO THE REAR!
[CHEERING AND LAUGHTER]
TRENCH WARFARE TIME!
HERE GOES!
GILASAURUS, FRONT AND CENTER!
IT COULD BE WORSE.
AND NOW THINGS ARE ABOUT
TO GET A LOT WORSE.
'CAUSE THAT RIGHT THERE
WAS A SPECIAL SUMMON,
WHICH,
IN LAYMAN'S TERMS,
MEANS I CAN PLAY
ANOTHER MONSTER!
SO, GILASAURUS,
YOU ARE DISMISSED!
NOW, DARK DRICERATOPS,
REPORT TO THE FIELD
IN ATTACK MODE!
NOT BAD!
YOU PLAYED A MONSTER
WITH 2,400 ATTACK POINTS
IN YOUR FIRST TURN!
THIS IS WAR!
DON'T GIVE THE ENEMY
ANY PROPS!
IT'S TIME TO GO COMMANDO!
DARK DRICERATOPS, ATTACK!
FLYING PHANTOM NOSE DIVE!
AAH!
AT EASE, PRIVATE!
HA HA HA!
YOU OK, JAY!?
GET UP, SON!
MY PREHISTORIC PATROL
ISN'T THROUGH WITH YOU YET!
BUT SINCE I'M NICE,
I'LL GIVE YOU
A CHANCE TO RECOUP.
BUT NOT FOR LONG.
I'LL BE LAYIN' ON
THE HURT SOON ENOUGH!
THAT'S WHAT YA GET
WHEN YA MESS WITH THE BEST!
HASSLEBERRY,
HASSLEBERRY!
HE'S OUR MAN!
IF HE CAN'T WIN...
WE WILL!
NOW TAKE IT DOWN
A DECIBEL!
SORRY, LITTLE MAN,
BUT THE SARGE
NEEDS SUPPORT!
IF IT'S TOO LOUD...
THEN GET LOST.
GO, SARGE!
BEAT THE KHAKI PANTS
OFF THIS GUY
SO WE CAN SHUT THEM UP!
WHATTA YA THINK
I'M TRYIN' TA DO?
LET HIM WIN?
HEY, LIEUTENANT!
MY MOVE!
FOR THE LAST TIME,
IT'S SERGEANT!
NOW PLAY SOMETHIN'!
MONSTER REINCARNATION!
SO I'LL SEND THIS
TO THE GRAVEYARD
IN ORDER TO BRING BACK
MY WILDHEART!
HOW DA YA LIKE THAT?
HEH HEH HEH!
YOU WANT THAT WIMP
IN YOUR PLATOON?
NEGATIVE.
BUT WHAT I DO WANT...
IS THIS IN MY GRAVEYARD!
SAM HILL!
THAT'S NECROSHADE!
BINGO!
AND I'M GUESSING
YOU KNOW WHAT
THAT MEANS.
RIGHT, CAPTAIN?
THAT I CAN AUTOMATICALLY
SUMMON THIS!
ELEMENTAL HERO BLADEDGE!
GO, BLADEDGE!
ATTACK
HIS DARK DRICERATOPS!
SLICE AND DICE ATTACK!
[GRUNT]
AND THAT SHOULD DO
FOR NOW.
AWESOME!
WAY TA PLAY, JAY!
THANKS, SY!
OH...SPEECHLESS, HUH?
All: HUH?
[THINKING]
THIS CIVILIAN
AIN'T HALF BAD.
BUT THE SERGEANT
STILL HAS A FEW TACTICS
UP HIS SLEEVE.
UH...
RA RA RA! GO, SARGE!
[THINKING]
THEY TRY SO HARD, THEM BOYS.
AND I GOTTA SHOW THEM
THAT EVEN THOUGH WE'RE NOT
IN THE TOP-RANKING DORM,
WE'RE STILL WINNERS!
WHEN I FIRST TRIED OUT
FOR DUEL ACADEMY,
I HAD MY EYES
ON THE OBELISK BLUES.
AND WHEN I ACED
MY ENTRANCE EXAM,
I THOUGHT I WAS A SHOE-IN!
HA HA HA!
SO WHEN THEY STUCK ME
IN THE YELLOW BARRACKS,
I THOUGHT THEY MADE
A TACTICAL ERROR.
Man: HERE YOU GO,
MR. HASSLEBERRY.
EH...
Hassleberry, voice-over:
TURNS OUT YOU HAD TO GO
TO A FANCY PREP-SCHOOL
TO BE A BLUE.
SO I MADE DO,
AND JUST LIKE MY DADDY
TOLD ME I WOULD,
I EMERGED AS A TRUE
COMMANDING OFFICER.
HE ALSO TAUGHT ME
THAT THE UNIFORM
DOESN'T MAKE THE SOLDIER.
AND BEFORE LONG,
I FORMED A SQUADRON.
MY SOLDIERS.
MY PLATOON. MY BATTALION!
AND WE LET IT BE KNOWN THAT
SERGEANT TYRANNO HASSLEBERRY,
SON OF THE GREAT
GENERAL HASSLEBERRY,
IS A GIANT AMONG MEN!
A DINO-MAN!
AND I GUARD THIS BRIDGE
TO PROVE THAT NO MATTER WHAT,
I WILL NOT STAND DOWN!
[SIGH]
ALL RIGHT,
ENOUGH WITH THE MONOLOGUE!
GET BACK TO THE DUEL
ALREADY!
EH...
WAS I THINKIN'
OUT LOUD AGAIN?!
All: MM-HMM.
YOU'RE A PRETTY
FUNNY GUY, BUMBLE-BERRY.
IT'S HASSLEBERRY!
SERGEANT HASSLEBERRY!!
NOW BACK TO THE BATTLEFIELD!
EXCELLENT!
TERRAIN ADVANTAGE!
I PLAY THIS!
IT'S A FIELD SPELL CARD
KNOWN AS JURASSIC WORLD!
JURASSIC WORLD?!
NO WAY.
PRETTY SWEET MOVE!
YOU AIN'T SEEN NOTHIN' YET,
SOLDIER!
NOW GET THIS.
EVERY ONE OF MY DINOS...
AND WINGED-BEASTS
GAINS 300 ATTACK
AND DEFENSE POINTS!
AND NOT ONLY THAT!
THEY CAN'T BE AFFECTED
BY ANY OF YOUR TRAP CARDS.
AND NOT ONLY THAT...
GUESS WHAT!?
IF THEY HAPPENED
TO BE ATTACKED
WHILE IN ATTACK MODE,
THEN THEY HAVE THE RIGHT
TO DIG INTO THE TRENCHES
AND SWITCH THEMSELVES
INTO DEFENSE MODE.
NOW, THAT'S WHAT I CALL
A MAJOR ADVANTAGE!
IT'S BATTLE TIME!
ARCHEONYS!
REPORT FOR DUTY!
IN ATTACK MODE,
OF COURSE!
AND THANKS TO
MY JURASSIC WORLD,
MY MONSTER GAINS
300 MORE ATTACK POINTS!
ONLY 600 POINTS!?
BLADEDGE CAN BEAT THAT!
THAT'S NOT THE TARGET!
HUH?
YOU ARE, PRIVATE!
ARCHEONYS CAN ATTACK
YOUR LIFE POINTS
DIRECTLY!
[GASP]
Hassleberry: NOW!
DEBILITATE THE ENEMY WITH
SCREAMIN' EAGLE ATTACK!!
Hassleberry:
NOW, ARCHEONYS! DO YOUR DUTY!
NOW DROP 'N GIMME 600!
600 LIFE POINTS,
THAT IS!
I'LL PLACE ONE CARD FACEDOWN
AND DEFER TO YOU.
FACE IT, SON. IT'S OVER.
BEFORE LONG,
YOU'LL BE EXTINCT.
WOULDN'T YOU AGREE,
SQUADRON?
HUH?
YOU MEN WERE SUPPOSED TO
CHEER JUST NOW.
UH, SORRY.
WE WERE MOVED
INTERNALLY.
WE'LL HAVE
AN OUTWARD DISPLAY
NEXT TIME, SIR.
[YAWN]
YEAH, AND WE'LL
CHEER FOR YA, TOO.
WHAT AM I GONNA DO
WITH YOU?
Jaden: HEY, MAJOR?
KEEP THOSE EYES
ON THE PRIZE.
READY!? I PLAY...
MY ELEMENTAL HERO
WILDHEART
IN ATTACK MODE!
THAT'S
REALLY STRANGE.
WHY WOULD HE PLAY
THAT WILD--
MY EARS!!
AH, WHOOPS. I MEAN,
WHY WOULD HE PLAY
THAT WILDHEART CARD
AGAIN?
MUCH BETTER!
HERE'S THE DEAL:
JADEN'S THE BEST.
YA JUST DON'T QUESTION
HIS STRATEGIES.
All: OHH.
THIS IS INSUBORDINATION!
Jaden:
ALL RIGHT, BLADEDGE...
DESTROY
HIS ARCHEONYS NOW!
SLICE AND DICE ATTACK!
I'M FORTIFIED WITH THIS!
AMBER PITFALL!
ANY IDEA WHAT THIS DOES?
IT DEFLECTS
AN ATTACKING MONSTER
AND FORCES IT
INTO DEFENSE MODE!
NOW HE'S GOTTA
STAY LIKE THAT!
THAT MEANS NO MORE OFFENSIVE
MANEUVERS FROM NOW ON!
BUT YOU'RE
FORGETTING SOMETHING.
WHAT'S THAT?
I STILL HAVE WILDHEART!
NOW ATTACK
WITH WILD SLASH!
NOW YOU'RE
FORGETTING SOMETHING!
MY FIELD SPELL CARD!
WHEN MY FEATHERED FRIEND
IS ATTACKED,
HE HAS THE OPTION OF
SWITCHING TO DEFENSE MODE!
WHAT'S THE POINT?
THE POINT IS: IT SURVIVES!
BUT JADEN'S MONSTER'S
STILL STRONGER!
NOT EXACTLY,
LITTLE MAN!
WHY NOT!?
'CAUSE MINE GETS
A DEFENSE POINT BOOST!
I'LL THROW DOWN
TWO FACEDOWNS
AND CALL IT A TURN!
THAT'LL TEACH ME!
OH, WELL.
LIVE AND LEARN.
THAT'S WEIRD.
HE'S SMILING.
JADEN ALWAYS
HAS A GOOD TIME,
UNLIKE THE SARGE.
[LAUGHTER]
[THINKING]
MY BATTALION IS DESERTIN' ME!
THIS ALWAYS HAPPENS.
I FIND A TROOP OF SOLDIERS
I CAN TRUST,
AND THEY END UP
SIDIN' WITH THE ENEMY.
[SNARL]
NO MORE MR. NICE SARGE!
NOW BRACE YOURSELF.
'CAUSE I PLAY THIS!
MY EARTHQUAKE SPELL CARD!
NOW EVERY FACE-UP
MONSTER ON THE FIELD
IS FORCED
INTO DEFENSE MODE!!
WHOA!
OHH!
I'M FAR FROM DONE!
MODIFIED ULTRA EVOLUTION!
THIS CARD LETS ME
REVERSE THE WHOLE
EVOLUTIONARY PROCESS!
SO I'LL JUST SACRIFICE
ONE OF MY WINGED BEASTS...
TO SUMMON A DINO!
YA' SEE, THEY SAY
THAT SOME BIRDS
EVOLVED FROM DINOSAURS.
REALLY?
YUP!
AND SO WHEN ARCHEONYS
UNDERGOES REVERSE EVOLUTION,
IT BECOMES A DINOSAUR!
A BLACK TYRANNO,
TO BE EXACT!
AND, SURPRISE!
THANKS TO MY DINO'S
SPECIAL ABILITY,
IT CAN ATTACK YOU DIRECTLY!
[GRUNT]
Hassleberry:
ALL RIGHT, BLACK TYRANNO!
YOU'RE ON!
NOOOOOW...SIC 'IM!
[GASP]
[GASPING]
MISSION ACCOMPLISHED!
Squad member: LOOK!
LOOK AT WHAT?! HUH?
HOW IS IT YOU
STILL HAVE LIFE POINTS, BOY?
I ACTIVATED MY FACEDOWN
CARD...INSURANCE!
IT TAKES ONE
FACEDOWN TRAP
OR SPELL CARD
ON THE FIELD
AND RETURNS IT
TO MY HAND.
OH, YEAH.
WHEN INSURANCE RETURNS
TO MY HAND,
MY LIFE POINTS
INCREASE BY 500!
BUT IT'S ON THE FIELD!
NOT IN YOUR HAND, SON!
THAT'S TRUE, BUT...
I'VE GOT TWO
INSURANCE CARDS.
NICE ONE, JAY!
SERGEANT JADEN
IS THE BEST!
DESERTED! AGAIN.
[SOBS]
OH, IT'S NOTHING NEW.
GUESS THE ONLY PERSON
I CAN TRUST IS ME.
TIME AND TIME AGAIN,
IT'S ALWAYS THE SAME.
I GATHER A BATTALION
OF SUPPORTERS,
AND WHEN I NEED 'EM MOST...
THEY JUST UP AND DESERT ME.
[GRUNTING]
BUT WHY?
I'M A GREAT LEADER,
AND I ALWAYS WIN.
WHO WOULDN'T
WANNA ROOT FOR ME?
TAKE THIS DUEL.
I'M BEATIN' YOU
THE SAME WAY I BEAT
MY LAST 12 RIVALS,
AND NO ONE'S CHEERIN'!
WELL COLONEL,
MAYBE THEY'RE JUST BORED.
COME ON!
BORED WITH MY DUELIN'?
NOW, THAT'S
JUST CRAZY TALK.
THINK ABOUT IT,
DINGLEBERRY.
YOU SAID YOURSELF
YOU'VE USED
THE SAME MOVES
FOR 12 DUELS
IN A ROW.
SO...DON'T YA THINK
IT'S TIME YOU EVOLVED?
EH?
NICE DINOSAUR
REFERENCE, JAY!
DITTO!
I'M NOT BORED ANYMORE!
YOU WERE RIGHT.
I ALWAYS AM.
NOW TO PROVE IT!
READY!?
I PLAY POT OF GREED!
SO I CAN DRAW TWO CARDS.
NOW, GETTING BACK TO
THE WHOLE EVOLUTION
THING,
I PLAY THIS!
MY OWN FIELD SPELL CARD!
[GASP]
SORRY, BUT THE STONE AGE
IS OVER!
IS THIS...THE ICE AGE!?
JUST WAIT.
HUH?
THE FIELD'S STILL EVOLVING.
AAH!
[GASPING]
MY SPELL CARD
IS CALLED SKYSCRAPER,
AND IT CHANGES
EVERYTHING!
I HATE CHANGE!
YA HEAR ME?
[GASP]
[THINKING] WAIT!
THAT'S BEEN MY PROBLEM
ALL ALONG.
I BEEN
STUCK IN THE PAST...
ALWAYS RELYIN' ON
THE SAME OLD TACTICS
INSTEAD OF LEARNIN' FROM
MY MISTAKES AND EVOLVIN'!
EXACTLY!
DON'T WORRY, CORPORAL...
YOU WEREN'T
THINKING OUT LOUD
THIS TIME.
BUT I ASSUMED
BY THE LOOK ON YOUR FACE
THAT YOU FIGURED IT OUT.
NOW, SINCE
YOUR FIELD CARD IS GONE,
SO ARE 300 OF
BLACK TYRANNO'S
ATTACK POINTS!
AND IF YOU LIKE THAT,
YOU'LL LOVE THIS,
'CAUSE IT'S TIME
FOR SOME FUSION ACTION!
I MERGE
ELEMENTAL HERO AVIAN
WITH ELEMENTAL HERO
WILDHEART
IN ORDER TO CREATE...
MY NEWEST HERO!
ELEMENTAL HERO
WILD WINGMAN!
AND HE'S GOT
A PRETTY SWEET SIDE EFFECT!
IF I TOSS A CARD,
YOUR TRAP IS
AUTOMATICALLY DESTROYED!
AND NOW THAT YOUR
AMBER PITFALL IS GONE,
I CAN SWITCH BLADEDGE
TO ATTACK MODE!
YOU DON'T SAY!
READY, BOYS!?
MAKE SOME NOISE!
All: JADEN! JADEN! JADEN!
THANKS TO
MY SKYSCRAPER CARD,
WILD WINGMAN'S
ATTACK POINTS INCREASE
BY A THOUSAND.
OK, WINGMAN,
GET YOUR ATTACK ON!
WING IMPULSE!
THAT'S NOT ALL!
THERE'S BLADEDGE,
AND HE CAN
ATTACK YOU DIRECTLY!
OH, BOY.
All: TROOP JADEN ROCKS!
I STILL GOT
900 POINTS LEFT.
CLOSE, BUT NO
MEDAL OF HONOR FOR YOU.
EH?
I'M NOT FINISHED.
I STILL HAVE THIS.
DE-FUSION!
SO WILDHEART AND AVION
CAN SEPARATE...
WHICH MEANS EACH OF THEM
CAN ATTACK NOW.
SO THERE GO
YOUR LIFE POINTS!
GO, AVION!
QUILL CASCADE!
WHAT A BATTLE.
JADEN,
YOU'VE GOT SPIRIT, SOLIDER.
THAT'S GAME.
I GOTTA HAND IT
TO YA, SON...
THAT WAS ONE OF
THE MOST INTENSE--WHOA!
HUCKLEBERRY!?
YOU OK?
I OWE YOU SOME DUEL DISKS.
HEH HEH! OH, YEAH!
I WAS HAVING
SUCH AN AWESOME TIME,
I ALMOST FORGOT!
THANKS, ADMIRAL!
Hassleberry:
IT'S SARG--OH, NEVER MIND.
Crowler:
IT APPEARS PROJECT
"RENOVATION RED"
IS ALMOST COMPLETE.
THIS OUGHTA DRUM UP
SOME PUBLICITY.
THIS IS ALL A FAUX PAS.
WE SHOULD DEMOLISH
THAT DORM,
NOT LET SOME
RICH SLACKER STEP IN
AND GIVE IT
AN EXTREME MAKE-OVER!
WHAT IN THE NAME...
HUH?
UH...SARGE?
NOT TO SOUND RUDE,
BUT IS THERE A REASON
YOU DUMPED YOUR GEAR
ALL OVER OUR FLOOR?
'CAUSE I KNOW
YOU DON'T THINK
YOU'RE SHACKING UP
WITH US, RIGHT!?
Chazz: YEAH! THIS PLACE
IS CRAMPED ENOUGH.
WE DON'T NEED
ANY FREELOADERS!
YEAH, BUT...
YOU'RE RIGHT,
CHAZZ.
AND YOU OUGHTA KNOW
ABOUT FREELOADERS.
YEAH, WELL...
WHAT I MEANT TO SAY WAS,
WE DON'T NEED ANY MORE
FREELOADERS.
Hassleberry:
MY MIND'S MADE UP!
I'M GIVIN' TROOP TYRANNO
SOME TIME OFF FOR R AND R.
ANYWAY, JADEN SHOWED ME
THAT I HAVE A LOT TO LEARN.
OH, NO, YA DON'T!
HE'S ALREADY
GOT A WINGMAN!
BESIDES, IF YOU WANNA LEARN,
YOU SHOULD REALLY BE
FOLLOWING ME AROUND.
HELLO!?
ANYONE HOME!?
HASSLEBERRY
REPORTING FOR DUTY.
THIS IS TRULY
AN HONOR, SERGEANT.
YOU CAN CALL ME "JADEN."
SIR, YES, SIR!
♪ CHILLING OUT
WITH THE CREW IN
THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE ♪
♪ NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL,
BACK AT CLASS ♪
♪ THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOT TO
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE
'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪